en.md, before:

[byte]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byte
[string]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/String_(computer_science)
[environment_variable]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_variable
[file]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_file
[extension]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filename_extension
[directory]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directory_(computing)
[document]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Document_file_format
[executable]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executable

<!--  -->

[character_encoding]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Character_encoding
[list_character_encodings]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Character_encoding#Common_character_encodings
[filesystem]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_system
[list_filesystems]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_file_systems

## Dictionary

The 50 years culture of computers, their operating systems and applications, including the 20 years culture of the world wide web, has introduced some new semantics for a few words that overwrite American English. These words apply within software development and computer science.

<!-- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_English#Differences_between_American_and_British_English -->

### Byte

[byte][byte], octet, char, b; Smallest data possible; `65`, `0x41`, `00100001`;

### String

[string][string], text, txt, ascii, plain, str, s; Bytes in a character encoding; `"Hello, World!"`

- [list of character encodings][list_character_encodings]

### Environment variable

[environment variable][environment_variable], env var, env; String; `$PATH`

### File

[file][file], bytearray, blob, f; Bytes with a name in a filesystem; `/cat.png` has an [extension][extension]

- [list of filesystems][list_filesystems]

### Directory

[directory][directory], dir, d; File of links to other files; `/usr/local/`

### Document

[document][document], doc; File of string(s); `*.md`, `*.html`, `*.pdf`

### Executable

[executable][executable], dot-exe, binary, bin; File in `+x` mode; `C:\Windows\explorer.exe`

### Character encoding

[character encoding][character_encoding], code page, charset; Map between bytes and symbols (characters); `us-ascii`

### Filesystem

[filesystem][filesystem], fs; File, or data structure, of other files; `exFAT`, `S3`

_etc. (incomplete list)_

## More Dictionaries

- http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/go01.html
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary
- https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html
- https://coinmarketcap.com/academy/glossary
- https://unicode.org/glossary/
- https://google.aip.dev/9
- https://expressjs.com/en/resources/glossary.html

## Copypastas

### All Latin letters

> The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog

### Placeholder text

> Lorem ipsum, dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Quaerat dolore facere ipsum eius obcaecati consequuntur earum illum dolorem repellat, porro maxime itaque explicabo soluta quia suscipit tempora inventore eveniet. Excepturi.

### Typing Monkey

> The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119.

Commit message:

new: letter case syntax in english+tech

en.md, after:

[byte]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byte
[string]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/String_(computer_science)
[environment_variable]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_variable
[file]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_file
[extension]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filename_extension
[directory]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directory_(computing)
[document]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Document_file_format
[executable]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executable

<!--  -->

[character_encoding]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Character_encoding
[list_character_encodings]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Character_encoding#Common_character_encodings
[filesystem]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_system
[list_filesystems]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_file_systems

## Letter Case

[Letter case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_case), in the [Latin writing system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin_script), in American English, developed in [ancient Rome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Rome), from [cursive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cursive) handwriting with [quills](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quill).

- `this is lower case`
  - `this-is-dash-case` or kebab-case 📄
  - `this_is_snake_case` in C and Python 🐍
- `This Is Mixed Case` or capitalization
  - `This is sentence case` or capitalization orthography
    - `This is Title Case`
  - `tHiS Is aLtErNaTiNg cAsE` in internet culture
  - `thisIsCamelCase` in Java and JavaScript 🐪
    - `ThisIsPascalCase`
- `THIS IS UPPER CASE` or all caps
  - `THIS_IS_DRAGON_CASE` or CONSTANT_CASE <!-- https://twitter.com/junaga10/status/1726406822960025789 -->

## Dictionary

The 50 years culture of computers, their operating systems and applications, including the 20 years culture of the world wide web, has introduced some new semantics for a few words that overwrite American English. These words apply within software development and computer science.

<!-- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_English#Differences_between_American_and_British_English -->

### Byte

[byte][byte], octet, char, b; Smallest data possible; `65`, `0x41`, `00100001`;

### String

[string][string], text, txt, ascii, plain, str, s; Bytes in a character encoding; `"Hello, World!"`

- [list of character encodings][list_character_encodings]

### Environment variable

[environment variable][environment_variable], env var, env; String; `$PATH`

### File

[file][file], bytearray, blob, f; Bytes with a name in a filesystem; `/cat.png` has an [extension][extension]

- [list of filesystems][list_filesystems]

### Directory

[directory][directory], dir, d; File of links to other files; `/usr/local/`

### Document

[document][document], doc; File of string(s); `*.md`, `*.html`, `*.pdf`

### Executable

[executable][executable], dot-exe, binary, bin; File in `+x` mode; `C:\Windows\explorer.exe`

### Character encoding

[character encoding][character_encoding], code page, charset; Map between bytes and symbols (characters); `us-ascii`

### Filesystem

[filesystem][filesystem], fs; File, or data structure, of other files; `exFAT`, `S3`

_etc. (incomplete list)_

## More Dictionaries

- http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/go01.html
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary
- https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html
- https://coinmarketcap.com/academy/glossary
- https://unicode.org/glossary/
- https://google.aip.dev/9
- https://expressjs.com/en/resources/glossary.html

## Copypastas

### All Latin Letters

> The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog

### Placeholder Text

> Lorem ipsum, dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Quaerat dolore facere ipsum eius obcaecati consequuntur earum illum dolorem repellat, porro maxime itaque explicabo soluta quia suscipit tempora inventore eveniet. Excepturi.

### Typing Monkey

> The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119.
